[Silence.]
Smokey the Bear!
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's Bing Crosby.
Gee, Bing, this is a swell hunting lodge you have here in Elko, Nevada.
But after all, you are one of America's
best-known sportsman and a wonderful entertainer.
All right, Smokey, you can stop pulling my leg.
I'll talk about forest fire prevention, and I'll do it willingly, too.
You know, I like to hunt and fish, and so do millions of my fellow Americans.
And I think that those of us who use rod and gun, we get so much physical and spiritual enjoyment from the forest that we have a special reason, a special responsibility to keep them free from wildfires.
Fires don't burn just trees, you know.
They destroy the nests of birds.
They kill wildlife.
They burn up good hunting areas.
And they ruin fishing streams for years and years to come.
So let's watch our matches and smokes and our campfires.
Let's be careful with fire in our forests.
Well, there's my message, Smokey.
I want to tell you something, too.
It's right from the heart.
Thank you, Mr. Bing Crosby.
And if folks will just take it to their hearts, we'll have less carelessness and less forest fires.
It'll be like old times, maybe, when great herds of buffalo roam Nevada country.
Buffalo, buffalo.
They're gone from the plains of Montana.
There's none left in old Idaho.
Buffalo, buffalo.
No longer there's thunder, just bleached bones lie under the snow.
Buffalo, buffalo, buffalo, buffalo, buffalo.
The great shaggy herds fed the Indians.
Buffalo, buffalo.
From the Sioux down to old Mexico.
Now prairie wind sigh.
Tell of the dying they love.
Buffalo, buffalo, buffalo, buffalo.
Many a humpback bull felt the arrow sting.
Winchesters blazed away to down the prairie king.
Where is the thrill of the rumbling Buffalo, Buffalo Of ten million holes pounding on Buffalo, Buffalo A few lines of history will tell of the mystery
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service,
U.S.
Department of Agriculture and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you
can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear, growlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniff in the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]
[Silence.]